Add update to deque migration (#409)
TroyWalshProf/SeleniumAxeDotnet: README.md

- Yes
  - Selenium.Axe actually uses Deque’s Axe core under the hood
  - This should help keep the .Net bindings at feature parity with the other official supported binding, such as Java and JavaScript
### Anything special we should know?
- The new Deque project will support both Selenium and Playwright 

> - A [standalone HTML reporter](https://github.com/TroyWalshProf/SeleniumAxeHtmlDotnet) library has been created to and will be maintined until the [Microsoft HTML reporter](https://github.com/microsoft/html-reporter-for-axe-core-dotnet) gets released. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [standalone HTML reporter](https://github.com/TroyWalshProf/SeleniumAxeHtmlDotnet) library has been created and will be maintained until the [Microsoft HTML reporter](https://github.com/microsoft/html-reporter-for-axe-core-dotnet) gets released. 
```
